Remember,
please hit like and subscribe for me.
Thank you so much.
Okay,
let's go. Good morning everyone.
Today is Friday, March the 6th and this
is the Money Ball Morning Report. My
name is Anne-Marie Band.
We're looking at the E-mini S&P charts
by TrendSpider and Gamma Flows by
Memento Key. So, first the big numbers.
What are we looking at?
Call wall still at 6950. Put wall still
at 6700. Range
still caught in the range.
Value area high 6875
ish. Value area low 6775
ish. So, what do we What did we see
yesterday? We had a great
setup yesterday.
These both of the levels that we had for
the break through
and the break through at support and the
break through at resistance worked very,
very well. The 4:00 a.m. candle has been
running the show this week.
Running the show. 30 minutes high of
that's This is yesterday's trading data.
The 30-minute opening candlestick
represented the high for the 4:00 a.m.
candlestick.
Today
where is our 4:00 a.m. candlestick? Yes,
same thing. 30-minute opening range
4:00 a.m. candle high
and it's the alerts to watch. It's going
to be our go, no go. It was our go, no
go yesterday as well and you can see
that there was a very big battle right
at that edge coming into the early part
of the morning.
You could have been chopped up a lot,
but if you notice trend
and you notice drifting momentum, you
could have sold the bounce and then
rotated down on the fake. So, let's see
what we see today. Our 4:00 a.m.
candlestick high, 68 38 or so.
4:00 a.m. candle low, 6815. Now,
remember this was where we had a lot of
price action occur in days past. We're
seeing it again. 1 2 and 1/2 hours
grinding through these motions. This
line here at 6800-ish
is a line that everyone is watching.
Everyone is watching it very, very
closely. It's right at that 6800, big
fat round number. Here's the thing, at
these big round numbers, when you notice
price action really duking it out at
these areas
and they collapse and don't return,
there's usually a great big flush.
What's happening here is they continue
to buy the dip, and they, I mean, buyers
in general still holding the floor of
front-line support as
you know, we get all kinds of news from
all over the place. So, what do we have?
Upside from underneath.
Downside from above. That means we watch
range to range.
We stopped on this pullback at literally
at the halfway marker for this 4-hour
candle. Now, we're right back in the
4-hour candle body. Where's the first
test? I think the halfway line, 6828.
That's the bounce action up into
the opening 30-minute candlestick.
Notice, this zone at the low of that
30-minute event is still
looking like resistance.
It still is, and that is 6821. If we
break above it, we should go to the top
of the 4-hour candlestick formation,
which is also the top of our 30-minute
candlestick formation, and that price is
68 38. Current trend mixed, momentum
mixed, cuz it's sitting in the middle of
the range.
Sticky bits, another day of pick up
sticks. But, if you use the ranges and
plan out the trade, you're going to be
able to go support to resistance, from
resistance to support. And watch the
halfway markers today between these
uh 4-hour formations, they're going to
matter. They're going to matter. 4-hour
chart really doing the 4:00 a.m.
candlestick, excuse me, is really doing
the job working through price.
All right, let's take a look at the NQ.
All right. So, we
Let's see how
Let's remove this alert. We'll just put
it as a line. This is our 4:00 a.m.
candlestick. Let's see how well
rotation did to the downside.
Because of my insomnia, I have not been
trading very much.
Literally halfway, perfect. That's just
exactly what these boxes are supposed to
do. The halfway marker is a critical
mass zone for
price action to do its thing, and so
that line of 24,779,
that is an important region for us to
look at.
So,
4:00 a.m. candlestick today,
pretty wide.
Let's take a look at it, how it measures
up to the rest of the board.
30 minutes opening high, it breached
that for bits
on its open, and then collapsed. Trend
down, so it's telling us that the
bounces are sell zones. That's that
morning trend event. So, now let's
clone it down.
Not holding very well here.
Clone it again. So, what do I see here
from this 4-hour formation? I mean, 4:00
a.m. formation. Not Not a ton. It's not
obeying.
It's not obeying the price action very
well. So, my thought would be
Let's have a peek at
an hourly candlestick rotation.
That looks much better.
Oh, shucks.
Let me try that one more time.
Hourly formation. It's doing a lot
better.
It's It's doing a lot better, but still
not great.
But But definitely better.
Let's see where this If I've got the
markers right on this one.
30-minute.
It's right there, and
30-minute is right there.
Yes. Okay. So, those are doing a lot
better. When you draw the boxes out and
they are not matching,
try another
Try another time frame.
Try another time frame. So, apparently
for the
uh
NQ, we're looking at
the high box
for
the first hour of price action. And so,
where is the go no-go line?
>> [snorts]
>> Of course, we normally think about that
being as
um
No, I don't want that one.
I want
I don't want that one. I want this one.
We normally think about that being
somewhere around here, pre-market low.
So, we'll put the alert right there.
So, the go no-go line, 24,000
860.
What do we expect price action to do?
Well, we've got higher lows.
Right?
We've got our higher lows here in the
near term.
Coming off of candlestick pressure.
And so, that is going to matter. They
are still buying the dips.
Don't short the lows. That's what the
answer to that is.
And then up here, we watch that
rotation.
And we have the same wide-angle range.
Got to be careful here, folks. You can
really mess up your risk parameters
doing this. High end, I would not be
surprised to see the point of control
get tested at 25,100.
Let's take a look at the big numbers.
Holy smokes. Okay. So, call wall,
25,200.
Whoa. Where is the Oh my.
23,500
on the put wall in the NQ. Traders are
getting nervous. There's a lot of
bearish positioning here. You know, a
lot of people say, "Hey, that's a
countertrend indicator." And that very
well might be so, but we don't really
care about
anything other than what price is doing.
We're using everything else as, "Hmm,
isn't that interesting?" So,
value area high, 25,200. Value area low,
24,650.
That's what we're staring down.
So, big mess, big noise. A lot of people
saying, "Hey, everybody Ryan Dietrich
put a smart-aleck event out there that
said, 'Hey, everybody's really bearish.
What do you think happens next? And
listen, traditionally
there is truth to that. It's when it
rotates out. And so
you you have to really
somebody said it yesterday when I was
talking to them. You have to be really
an investigator when you're looking at
the markets and think about things
objectively in both sides of the space.
Okay, next
What are we looking at? Bitcoin? This
one's really seeing a resurgence
of
commentary. My thought was 74,000 is the
do or die for buyers. And wouldn't you
know it, they could not stay over the
line. Could not.
Put wall below at 68,000
900 or 69,000.
Where's the call wall? Oh, the call wall
is here at 72,000. What are the traders
doing?
Well, they're selling it back down. So,
let's go to the 4-hour chart and see
what's going on.
Here's our formation that I drew up for
us. These are our zones
of inventory accumulation. And true to
form
went to the top, went to max max high at
that
74,000 and could not hold it. So, what
are we staring down now?
Higher lows?
It's still saying buy the dip.
Momentum and trend in the short term is
short.
Where is the go no go line today?
You know, we're standing right on top of
it at 70,000.
It also happens to be
uh
What is that number? I always forget.
Looks like the point of control
might be the VWAP.
But we're putting an alert here. It's
going to go off.
Right? It's right here on this edge.
Take a look at this 30-minute formation.
If they do not hold all of this
inventory
to the upside,
we are going to see
price action go right back to the pool
wall.
What do I think?
Well, I'm a little bearish here.
It didn't come to 74.
That being said,
they are still trying to buy the dip.
Now, that's broken.
The trend is broken by time and not
price, meaning it's moved sideways at a
support location. So, it could go either
direction. When it does break, watch for
the look below and fail to go long into
resistance or the look below and hold,
excuse me, the look below and go for it
to move further. That's what this is a
look below, the test up, then go. So,
it's if and then.
Okay?
That's how that goes. That's what we're
staring down for Bitcoin. Let's go to
oil.
Somebody put a big short on oil
yesterday. Some magazine, obviously,
they're supposed to be tremendously
prescient and
they are going to get destroyed unless
they manipulate the market.
So, what are we staring down?
Straight-through moves essentially stays
closed.
Nobody's really taking
uh the president up on the transports
guarantee.
He's saying the naval ships will move
it uh will move oil through the Strait
of Hormuz and provide the insurance.
Uh the United States would provide the
insurance events that they could buy
because Lloyd's of London and the like
have said, "No, no, we're not doing
that."
Where are we? Hitting the call wall, 85.
What is price action telling us? Well,
we have a combination. This is like
the worst possible thing that could
happen to the administration. Some of us
are cheering, some of us are not.
Doesn't really matter, right? That's not
not important. What we're staring down
is
what's happening geopolitically and
because we have no infrastructure spend
for the last 10 years. And literally,
when oil stops moving, all of those
fissures start to widen. I don't know if
you've read any Asia news, but I mean,
there is trouble. A lot of things
happening in other countries that don't
look very good. And it's because their
access to the oil has been stopped and
they have very few reserves. Okay, so
what's next? Well,
let's
let's clone this.
Right at the top of this range,
this could be a little bit of a topping
event. Watch them argue around here.
If it moves further to the north,
then
we've got 90 next on the horizon. And
there is gamma line up there,
interestingly enough, at 90.02.
Now,
what are we staring down here? Well,
this is a broadening wedge right up
against the call wall.
Uh the gamma flow is positive here for
oil. So, this is not going to be an
electric shoot to the north. It could be
a break above and fail, right? A look
above and fail. And so, we want to be
very careful in the regions between 84
and 86. The go no go line. What did the
4:00 a.m. candlestick do?
4:00 a.m. has been critical
of late, and it's because
you know,
we've got a lot of emerging everybody
just ran to emerging markets in Europe
and now they're getting smashed for
doing that.
You just cannot believe the narrative
people. Just don't believe it. It's just
lies.
It's crazy. Anyways,
I just put on put my tin foil hat back
in the drawer. Sorry about that. Next
line upward 8754, but we could see a lot
of noise up here. I would not go long
here unless it confirms positively and
we've got momentum drift telling us that
that is not true.
Let's look at gold.
Let's see if the contracts rolled.
We had a break through event here. Going
to remove this alert.
Uh wow. Okay, Asia.
Look at this Asia candle.
That sticks out dramatically to me
because we are holding the low.
It also happens to be right at the low
of the opening 30-minute candlestick.
Do or die for gold here.
Do or die for gold. Now, a lot of folks
are saying, "Why this is all
geopolitical risk? Why isn't gold moving
up?" Because gold wasn't moving up in
the first place because of geopolitical
risk.
And plus we've got the dollar
strengthening. And so all of those
things really bringing the metals down.
Just watch price. Don't think about the
narrative
outside of price. Look at price first
and then build the narrative. Not the
other way around, okay? Don't build a
narrative and then go to price. You're
going to lose that way. How do I know
this? Uh cuz I've done that and you lose
that way. So, just trying to save you.
All right. Here's what we have next.
The upside clone in gold puts us above
value area high, which is 5200.
Value area low
5080. That's where we're dancing right
now. Below 5,025.
Where is the go no go line here for the
buyers in gold today?
Looks like 5,060.
Now,
where is momentum?
It's below the halfway mark, so that's
kind of bearish.
Very deep
bounces still sell zones. They've been
sell zones
for 4 days
and then some.
It's the same here.
Here is the call wall. It's up at 5150.
The put wall
is at 4900.
Bounces are sell zones. Watch the
ranges. A lot of inventory getting
accumulated inside of this 830
candlestick. Literally, this chart has
moved nowhere since that 830 bounce.
They gave every bit of it back.
What does that say?
I read about some countries liquidating
some gold because they had to.
I don't know what that means.
But,
sticky bits.
Let's take a look at 680. I think it's
still important today.
Still important yesterday.
It was whoopsie.
I've got two alerts sitting right on top
of each other. My apologies. Okay, so
we've got 680 on the bid side.
Um
definitely got lower highs here.
And
above that. My thought is 685 is the
line
that the buyers will likely run out of
fuel.
The lower edge is yesterday's low. We
want to pay attention to that.
That's 675.
We are dancing right at the put wall,
folks, at 680. Call wall, 690.
The traders have
a lot to go off of.
If they break through this again and
stay below, this chart is in negative
gamma flow, so the breakdown
amplifies the move in the direction of
motion.
So, listen.
Hang on. Don't go big size. And don't
sit in a trade all day if it's not doing
what you want. Just get out. All right?
Take care. I'll see you on the streams.